---
title: "2024 Craft Fair"
date: 2024-03-26
categories: 
  - "events"
  - "craft-fair"
  - "united-nations"
tags: 
  - "craft-fair"
  - "un"
  - "united-nations"
  - "unpfii"
coverImage: "3.png"
---

**[English](#english) ,** [**Española**](#spanish) **,** [**Français**](#french) **,** [**Russian**](#russian)

**English**

We invite everyone to visit the Indigenous Peoples Craft Fair on April 17, 2024 from 9:00 AM to 6:00 PM on the Second Floor of the Church Center of the United Nations (CCUN) located at 777 United Nations Plaza, New York, NY 10017.

For Indigenous peoples wishing to serve as vendors, setup is done on a first-come, first-serve basis. Being a vendor in the craft fair is reserved for Indigenous peoples participating in the UNPFII.

The craft fair is cash only.

If you have questions, email **aila@aila.ngo**

### _This event is free and open to the public_

 

**Español**

Les invitamos a visitar la feria de artesanía Indígena que tendrá lugar el 17 de abril de 2024 de 9:00h a 18:00h en el segundo piso del Church Center de las Naciones Unidas (CCUN) situado en el 777 United Nations Plaza, NY 10017 , en Nueva York.

Para aquellos miembros de los Pueblos Indígenas que deseen participar como vendedores, los puestos se asignarán por order de llegada. La participación como vendedor en la feria de artesanía está reservada para los Pueblos Indígenas que participan en el Foro Permanente.

En la feria solo se aceptarán pagos en efectivo.

Si tienen alguna pregunta, pónganse en contacto con **aila@aila.ngo**

**Français**

Nous vous invitons toutes et tous à visiter le marché de l'artisanat autochtone qui se tiendra le 17 avril 2024 de 9 h à 18 h au 2 e étage du Church Center of the United Nations (CCUN), situé au 777 United Nations Plaza, New York, NY 10017.

Pour les Autochtones qui souhaiteraient vendre des articles sur ce marché, l'installation se fera selon le principe du premier arrivé, premier servi. La participation au marché de l'artisanat est réservée aux Autochtones qui assistent à l'UNPFII.

Seul le paiement en espèces est accepté au marché de l'artisanat.

Pour toute question, merci d'envoyer un e-mail à **aila@aila.ngo**

**Russian**

Everyone is invited to attend the Indigenous Crafts Fair on April 17, 2024 from 9:00 am to 6:00 pm on the second floor of the Church Center United Nations (CCUN) at 777 United Nations Plaza, New York, NY 10017.

Stands for selling goods are provided to representatives of Indigenous Peoples on a first-come, first-served basis. Only representatives of Indigenous Peoples participating in the UNPF session can present their goods at the craft fair.

The Craft Fair is cash only.

Please contact us with any questions by email: **aila** **@** **aila** **.** **ngo** .
